Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live.
A wonderful serenity has taken possession of my entire soul, like these sweet mornings of spring whi
One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed in
The quick, brown fox jumps over a lazy dog. DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog. Junk MTV quiz graced
The European languages are members of the same family. Their separate existence is a myth. For scien
Li Europan lingues es membres del sam familie. Lor separat existentie es un myth. Por scientie, musi
But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was bo
Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, to
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean m
	Mr Honeyfoot was a tall, cheerful, smiling gentleman with a great deal of energy,
who always liked to be doing or planning something, rarely thinking to inquire
whether that something were to the purpose. The present task put him very much in
mind of the great mediaeval magicians,2 who, whenever they had some seemingly
impossible problem to solve, would ride away for a year and a day with only a
fairy-servant or two to guide them and at the end of this time never failed to find
the answer. Mr Honeyfoot told Mr Segundus that in his opinion they could not do
better than emulate these great men, some of whom had gone to the most retired parts
of England and Scotland and Ireland (where magic was strongest) while others had
ridden out of this world entirely and no one nowadays was quite clear about where
they had gone or what they had done when they got there. Mr Honeyfoot did not
propose going quite so far – indeed he did not wish to go far at all because it was
winter and the roads were very shocking. Nevertheless he was strongly persuaded that
they should go somewhere and consult someone. He told Mr Segundus that he thought
they were both growing stale; the advantage of a fresh opinion would be immense. But
no destination, no object presented itself. Mr Honeyfoot was in despair: and then he
thought of the other magician.
	Some years before, the York society had heard rumours that there was another
magician in Yorkshire. This gentleman lived in a very retired part of the country
where (it was said) he passed his days and nights studying rare magical texts in his
wonderful library. Dr Foxcastle had found out the other magician's name and where he
might be found, and had written a polite letter inviting the other magician to
become a member of the York society. The other magician had written back, expressing
his sense of the honour done him and his deep regret: he was quite unable – the long
distance between York and Hurtfew Abbey – the indifferent roads – the work that he
could on no account neglect – etc., etc.
	The York magicians had all looked over the letter and expressed their doubts that
any body with such small handwriting could ever make a tolerable magician. Then –
with some slight regret for the wonderful library they would never see – they had
dismissed the other magician from their thoughts. But Mr Honeyfoot said to Mr
Segundus that the importance of the question, "Why was there no more magic done in
England?" was such that it would be very wrong of them to neglect any opening. Who
could say? – the other magician's opinion might be worth having. And so he wrote a
letter proposing that he and Mr Segundus give themselves the satisfaction of waiting
on the other magician on the third Tuesday after Christmas at half past two. A reply
came very promptly; Mr Honeyfoot with his customary good nature and good fellowship
immediately sent for Mr Segundus and shewed him the letter. The other magician wrote
in his small handwriting that he would be very happy in the acquaintance. This was
enough. Mr Honeyfoot was very well pleased and instantly strode off to tell Waters,
the coachman, when he would be needed.
	Mr Segundus was left alone in the room with the letter in his hand. He read: ". . .
I am, I confess, somewhat at a loss to account for the sudden honour done to me. It
is scarcely conceivable that the magicians of York with all the happiness of each
other's society and the incalculable benefit of each other's wisdom should feel any
necessity to consult a solitary scholar such as myself . . ."
	There was an air of subtle sarcasm about the letter; the writer seemed to mock Mr
Honeyfoot with every word. Mr Segundus was glad to reflect that Mr Honeyfoot could
scarcely have noticed or he would not have gone with such elated spirits to speak to
Waters. It was such a very unfriendly letter that Mr Segundus found that all his
desire to look upon the other magician had quite evaporated. Well, no matter, he
thought, I must go because Mr Honeyfoot wishes it – and what, after all, is the
worst that can happen? We will see him and be disappointed and that will be an end
of it.
	The day of the visit was preceded by stormy weather; rain had made long ragged
pools in the bare, brown fields; wet roofs were like cold stone mirrors; and Mr
Honeyfoot's post-chaise travelled through a world that seemed to contain a much
higher proportion of chill grey sky and a much smaller one of solid comfortable
earth than was usually the case.
	Ever since the first evening Mr Segundus had been intending to ask Mr Honeyfoot
about the Learned Society of Magicians of Manchester which Dr Foxcastle had
mentioned. He did so now.
	"It was a society of quite recent foundation," said Mr Honeyfoot, "and its members
were clergymen of the poorer sort, respectable ex-tradesmen, apothecaries, lawyers,
retired mill owners who had got up a little Latin and so forth, such people as might
be termed half-gentlemen. I believe Dr Foxcastle was glad when they disbanded – he
does not think that people of that sort have any business becoming magicians. And
yet, you know, there were several clever men among them. They began, as you did,
with the aim of bringing back practical magic to the world. They were practical men
and wished to apply the principles of reason and science to magic as they had done
to the manufacturing arts. They called it `Rational Thaumaturgy'. When it did not
work they became discouraged. Well, they cannot be blamed for that. But they let
their disillusionment lead them into all sorts of difficulties. They began to think
that there was not now nor ever had been magic in the world. They said that the
Aureate magicians were all deceivers or were themselves deceived. And that the Raven
King was an invention of the northern English to keep themselves from the tyranny of
the south (being north-country men themselves they had some sympathy with that). Oh,
their arguments were very ingenious – I forget how they explained fairies. They
disbanded, as I told you, and one of them, whose name was Aubrey I think, meant to
write it all down and publish it. But when it came to the point he found that a sort
of fixed melancholy had settled on him and he was not able to rouse himself enough
to begin."